I will show everyone in this video tutorial how
find out your steam dev
go to any server
I will go to my server very much by the way
good without any unnecessary plugins
ip mod
advertising is always on video
come in
I will be glad
so we go
so not necessarily the threat of walking the amount
and not necessarily open your mouth
so this is not how I discovered it to
I recorded the video otherwise it will not be so
open the console
prescribe
so now 100
ace
status
damn phone zapilikal so prescribed
the status got out here are all the players
who play if among them their name and
i am your nightmare
here is my nickname more
so after
his nickname there are no numbers here
It is known that this is further steam
and more numbers
balin card is changing
excuse me
because it makes sense
so you are not important to write again 100
let be
so here's another sonic mania
steam
and more numbers
we are copying these numbers
and the obligation to carry out his will
so well, here it can be so admin write
you don't please yourself
here
Thank you all for now